Documenting Current and Improved OSCAL Issue Triage Process (#1691)
usnistgov/OSCAL: decisions/0004-issue-triage.md

# 4. Issue Triage for OSCAL Core Projects

Date: 2023/03/03

## Status

> Feedback Requested

Author: You know, for when you we actually do want to merge with the correct status next time.

```suggestion
Approved
```

This approach is highest risk.

### Include the Whole Team and Update Tooling

The team can be more involved in issue triage as part of [a backlog refinement process](https://www.scrum.org/resources/blog/product-backlog-refinement-explained-13). Currently, the team does not engage in periodic, formalized backlog refinement either. Moving forward, issue triage can be considered the first step to formally adding an issue or rejecting it by closing the issue. If done frequently, issue triage would only be needed periodically for new issues. If there were no new issues queued for triage between refinement sessions, the team could primarily focus on backlog refinement for the next sprint and following sprints.

From a tooling perspective, whereas the newer GitHub Projects service did not have API support for complex operations and GitHub Actions did not readily exist during the migration to the new project board, these conditions are no longer the case.

> Therefore issue triage process can be formalized as part of backlog refinment scheduled periodically for some or all team members to be involved for sufficient context. Automation can be updated to have all work requests in issues be track in one location, not four or more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore issue triage process can be formalized as part of backlog refinement, scheduled periodically for some or all team members to be involved for sufficient context. Automation can be updated to have all work requests in issues be tracked in one location, not four or more.
```
